And The Last Lecture we walk through all the files which were created by the Selye by this template
we used Let's have a look at this strange app called view file which seems to be important since we
imported here and then we kind of render it to the dorm with that render a command or with the render
property in the view instance if we open and follow what we see looks strange at first we got some HDMI
in there then we got a script section and then we got a style section and was you can of course have
a old document with script and style inside of it does fall here is not valid.
HVM l style script and DHV part are strictly separated from each other.
This is a dot view file and we use a special loader The View loader which basically is a plug in editor
or our web page workflow which is able to parse and handle this file.
And the thing it does we have to follow is super interesting.
It basically transforms everything here to Javascript.
So the template here is transform to javascript.
You can of course create javascript representations of all HDMI elements.
And while the script obviously can be Javascript and this style will be injected into the head of your
index or HVM will fall at runtime.
So we have only javascript in the end but we can write it in a very confortable way here writing HTL
Javascript.
And C is s code.
Now why is everything transform to javascript and which advantaged estus have for us.
Keep in mind what I told you in the early Electra's of this Marchal view chase when control is a part
of the Dom and the end just takes that part of the storm and turns it into javascript.
It does that at runtime.
Once it was loaded in the browser.
Now why would we do that in the browser.
If we can do it during development.
So what happens here is we write our HMO code.
But then a wet pig will take it turn it into javascript and bundle it all into this built dot JS file
which gets stored in the disk folder.
Now since we do this during development that means that some restrictions applied by the normal dorm
don't apply here.
For example here we certainly can use case sensitive event names.
We were able to do so in Cheras fiddle where we well would run everything in the DOM before viewed as
parses it.
Here it gets parsed during development.
So what we shipped to the browser in the end already is javascript future.
It doesn't need to go over it in the DOM again.
And therefore the restrictions don't apply in this set up.
And that's the great thing about Dot view files.
We can write components and that is what we create here in the end when a very simple way with nice
syntax with all the features case sensitivity included.
And we then simply render a two to Dom.
Now more on components and you files in the next Electra's.